Hello everyone my name is arun nayak.
I am 16 years old. I live in India and i am an Indian.
My father name is Rajendra nayak and my mother's name is anita nayak.
My birth place was in rourkela (Orissa).
I read in orrisa till class 1 and then my father had transferred to bokaro. 
There i studied upto class 4 and again my father had transferred back to Rourkela.
Now i am studying in dps rourkela.
My hobbies are to playing cricket,chess and to know more about latest technologies. My aim is to become a software developer and a ethical hacker.
One day while i was using my whatsapp , one of my friend shared a link to our group about google code in. 
It was a contest for 13 to 17 old teenagers. 
I opened that link ,registered and read all the rules and regulations,instructions etc and also there was a grand prize for the winner , a trip to head quarters of google.
I really got excited and appreciated the google community that they are organising such a great platform for the beginners who want to make a carrier in computer science .
In our society many talented poor childrens are there who can't afford education as they don't have money. So google is organising such a great and huge platform for these poor childrens as they can register for free and can show their talents. 
I wish that google should continue this google code in contest so that many new talents will arise. So in this contest there are many open source organisations who give some tasks.
There are about 100 no of tasks. A student have to claim a task and in description all details were given by the organisations. By taking all the details the student will make a report or project and will submit and then that project will be examined by some mentors.
If that project will contain all the points mentioned in the description and impresses the mentors with quality and creativity then the project will be selected and the student can choose an another task. In this way how much tasks the child will complete more the chances will arise to win the grand prize.
All the participants will get a digital certificates and the children who will complete atleast 3 tasks they will get a t shirt from google as a prize. So i had a great experience in this contest and got to know many things about technology,coding etc. I liked this contest a lot because no one organised this type of contest and I request to google that to organise more contests like this. 
Earlier i was not knowing about google code in , this year only i got the news and participated in this contest and attempted various tasks. But i am able to complete only 1 task, as the tasks are quite difficult and I was not having any experience also about this contest as i have joined this year. So this year i may be not able to win the grand prize. 
But next year i will be fuly prepared and i will try to win the grand prize. In this contest i learned about many things which i have never heard. For eg : what are open sources, what is python,django,drupal etc. 
The term open source means the sources whose services are free means from here we can download any type of documentary work,movies,songs etc or they share education for free. Its one type of free software. For eg: mozilla firefox,linux etc. 
All the organisations who are giving tasks in this contest are open source organisations. So it's one type of promotion of all these open source Organisations by the google.
So i have downloaded many open source softwares like linux, python, drupal and i learned a lot from these softwares. I asked many questions about linux and python in my comp classes to my teacher and he appreciated me that i am knowing a lot about comp. 
really i felt proud and thanks to google code in that given me the opportunity to learn. I attempted many tasks of various organisations like catrobat, drupal,sugarlabs,fossasia , brl cad and many more, mostly i liked catrobat and drupal as the tasks were very challenging and interesting. 
